Added document to use TLS Secured YugabyteDB Cluster by Helm Charts (#5022)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/deploy/kubernetes/clients.md

ycqlsh:demo> CREATE TABLE t_demo(id INT PRIMARY KEY);
```

> ## Master UI dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## YB-Master Admin UI
```

> The master UI dashboard is available at the external IP address exposed by the `yb-master-ui` LoadBalancer service - in this case at `http://98.138.219.231:7000/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The YB-Master Admin UI is available at the IP address exposed by the `yb-master-ui` LoadBalancer service – at `https://98.138.219.231:7000/`.
```

        router: no errors
        loadbalancer emulator: no errors
```

## Connecting TLS Secured YugabyteDB cluster deployed by Helm Charts

> To bring up a YugabyteDB cluster with encryption in transit (TLS) enabled, follow the [instructions here](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/deploy/kubernetes/single-zone/gke/helm-chart/) and set the flag `tls.enabled=true` in the helm command-line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a YugabyteDB cluster with encryption in transit (TLS) enabled, follow the steps at [Google Kubernetes Service - Helm Chart](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/deploy/kubernetes/single-zone/gke/helm-chart/) and set the flag `tls.enabled=true` in the helm command-line.
```

For example, `helm install yugabyte --namespace yb-demo --name yb-demo --set=tls.enabled=true`.

> ### Connecting from within the Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Connect from within the Kubernetes cluster
```

> Copy the following `yb-client.yaml` and use this `kubectl create -f yb-client.yaml` command to create a pod with auto-mounted client certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the following `yb-client.yaml` and use the `kubectl create -f yb-client.yaml` command to create a pod with auto-mounted client certificates.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: yb-client
  namespace: yb-demo
spec:
  containers:
  - name: yb-client
    image: yugabytedb/yugabyte-client:latest
    env:
    - name: SSL_CERTFILE
      value: "/root/.yugabytedb/root.crt"
    volumeMounts:
    - name: yugabyte-tls-client-cert
      mountPath: "/root/.yugabytedb/"
  volumes:
  - name: yugabyte-tls-client-cert
    secret:
      secretName: yugabyte-tls-client-cert
      defaultMode: 256
```

Here is an example of a client that uses the `YSQL shell` ([`ysqlsh`](../../../admin/ysqlsh)) to connect.

Use the following command to verify the connection.

```sh
$ kubectl exec -n yb-demo -it yb-client -- ysqlsh -h yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local "sslmode=require"
ysqlsh (11.2-YB-2.1.5.0-b0)
SSL connection (protocol: TLSv1.2, cipher: ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, bits: 256, compression: off)
Type "help" for help.

yugabyte=# \conninfo

> You are connected to database "yugabyte" as user "yugabyte" on host "yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local" at port "5433".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are connected to the `yugabyte` database as user `yugabyte` on host `yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local` at port `5433`.
```

Author: This can't be edited as this is the output of the `\conninfo` command.

Reviewer: I missed that -- OK as-is then.

SSL connection (protocol: TLSv1.2, cipher: ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, bits: 256, compression: off)
```

Here is an example of a client that uses the `YCQL shell` ([`ycqlsh`](../../../admin/cqlsh)) to connect.

Use the following command to verify the connection.

```sh
$ kubectl exec -n yb-demo -it yb-client -- ycqlsh yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local 9042 --ssl
Connected to local cluster at yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local:9042.
[cqlsh 5.0.1 | Cassandra 3.9-SNAPSHOT | CQL spec 3.4.2 | Native protocol v4]
Use HELP for help.
cqlsh> SHOW HOST
Connected to local cluster at yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local:9042.
```

(Optional) After the operations are complete, remove the client pod. 

```sh
$ kubectl delete pod yb-client -n yb-demo
pod "yb-client" deleted
```

> ### Connecting externally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Connect externally
```

To connect externally to a TLS-enabled YugabyteDB helm cluster, first download the client certificates locally from the Kubernetes cluster's secrets.

```sh
$ mkdir $(pwd)/certs
$ kubectl get secret yugabyte-tls-client-cert  -n yb-demo -o jsonpath='{.data.root\.crt}' | base64 --decode > $(pwd)/certs/root.crt
$ kubectl get secret yugabyte-tls-client-cert  -n yb-demo -o jsonpath='{.data.yugabytedb\.crt}' | base64 --decode > $(pwd)/certs/yugabytedb.crt
$ kubectl get secret yugabyte-tls-client-cert  -n yb-demo -o jsonpath='{.data.yugabytedb\.key}' | base64 --decode > $(pwd)/certs/yugabytedb.key
```

> Here is an example of a client that uses the `YSQL shell` ([`ysqlsh`](../../../admin/ysqlsh)) to connect. The command specifies the external LoadBalancer IP of the `yb-tserver-service` as shown in [the docs here](../single-zone/oss/helm-chart/#connect-using-external-clients). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a client that uses the `YSQL shell` ([`ysqlsh`](../../../admin/ysqlsh)) to connect. The command specifies the external LoadBalancer IP of the `yb-tserver-service` as described in [Connect using external clients](../single-zone/oss/helm-chart/#connect-using-external-clients). 
```

Use the following command to verify the connection.

```sh
$ docker run -it --rm -v $(pwd)/certs/:/root/.yugabytedb/:ro yugabytedb/yugabyte-client:latest ysqlsh -h <External_Cluster_IP> "sslmode=require"
ysqlsh (11.2-YB-2.1.5.0-b0)
SSL connection (protocol: TLSv1.2, cipher: ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, bits: 256, compression: off)
Type "help" for help.

yugabyte=# \conninfo
You are connected to database "yugabyte" as user "yugabyte" on host "35.200.205.208" at port "5433".
SSL connection (protocol: TLSv1.2, cipher: ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, bits: 256, compression: off)
```

Here is an example of a client that uses the `YCQL shell` ([`ycqlsh`](../../../admin/cqlsh)) to connect.

> Use the following docker command to verify the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the connection, use the following `docker run` command.
```

        router: no errors
        loadbalancer emulator: no errors
```

## Connecting TLS Secured YugabyteDB cluster deployed by Helm Charts

> 

Reviewer 2: We should link to the helm deployment doc from here and say `To bring up a yugabyte server with encryption in transit (TLS) enabled, set the flag tls.enabled = true in the helm overrides`

Author: Okay, I'll update the suggested changes.

### Within Kubernetes cluster

Copy the following `yb-client.yaml` and use this `kubectl create -f yb-client.yaml` command to create a pod with auto-mounted client certificates.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: yb-client
  namespace: yb-demo
spec:
  containers:
  - name: yb-client
    image: yugabytedb/yugabyte-client:latest
    env:
    - name: SSL_CERTFILE
      value: "/root/.yugabytedb/root.crt"
    volumeMounts:
    - name: yugabyte-tls-client-cert
      mountPath: "/root/.yugabytedb/"
  volumes:
  - name: yugabyte-tls-client-cert
    secret:
      secretName: yugabyte-tls-client-cert
      defaultMode: 256
```

Here is an example of a client that uses the `YSQL shell` ([`ysqlsh`](../../../admin/ysqlsh)) to connect.

Use the following command to verify the connection.

> ```sh

Reviewer 2: We should combine these two command examples into a single command example which connects via ysqlsh and shows the result of running `\conninfo` within that shell.

Author: Sure, Will do

$ kubectl exec -n yb-demo -it yb-client -- ysqlsh -h yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local "sslmode=require" -c \\conninfo
You are connected to database "yugabyte" as user "yugabyte" on host "yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local" at port "5433".
SSL connection (protocol: TLSv1.2, cipher: ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, bits: 256, compression: off)
```

Use the following command to use YugabyteDB cluster.

```sh
$ kubectl exec -n yb-demo -it yb-client -- ysqlsh -h yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local "sslmode=require"
ysqlsh (11.2-YB-2.1.5.0-b0)
SSL connection (protocol: TLSv1.2, cipher: ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, bits: 256, compression: off)
Type "help" for help.

yugabyte=#
```

Here is an example of a client that uses the `YCQL shell` ([`ycqlsh`](../../../admin/cqlsh)) to connect.

Use the following command to verify the connection.

```sh

> $ kubectl exec -n yb-demo -it yb-client -- ycqlsh yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local 9042 --ssl --execute 'SHOW HOST'

Reviewer 2: Same here, let's combine these into a single command example.

Connected to local cluster at yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local:9042.
```

Use the following command to use YugabyteDB cluster.

```sh
$ kubectl exec -n yb-demo -it yb-client -- ycqlsh yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local 9042 --ssl
Connected to local cluster at yb-tservers.yb-demo.svc.cluster.local:9042.
[cqlsh 5.0.1 | Cassandra 3.9-SNAPSHOT | CQL spec 3.4.2 | Native protocol v4]
Use HELP for help.
cqlsh>
```

> (Optional) Use the below-mentioned command to remove the `yb-client` pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(Optional) After the operations are complete, remove the client pod. 
```

```sh

> $ kubectl delete po yb-client -n yb-demo

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ kubectl delete pod yb-client -n yb-demo
```

pod "yb-client" deleted
```

> ### Connecting Remote Cluster

Reviewer 2: `Connecting externally` might be a better name for this section.

Author: Yeah, this one is comparatively better. I'll update it.

> Prerequisites:

Reviewer 2: Remove the prerequisites step.

Author: okay.

1. Client Certificates
2. External Cluster IP

> Use the following commands to get the client certificates from Kubernetes cluster's Secrets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To connect externally to a TLS-enabled YugabyteDB helm cluster, first download the client certificates locally from the Kubernetes cluster's secrets.
```

```sh
$ mkdir $(pwd)/certs
$ kubectl get secret yugabyte-tls-client-cert  -n yb-demo -o jsonpath='{.data.root\.crt}' | base64 --decode > $(pwd)/certs/root.crt
$ kubectl get secret yugabyte-tls-client-cert  -n yb-demo -o jsonpath='{.data.yugabytedb\.crt}' | base64 --decode > $(pwd)/certs/yugabytedb.crt
$ kubectl get secret yugabyte-tls-client-cert  -n yb-demo -o jsonpath='{.data.yugabytedb\.key}' | base64 --decode > $(pwd)/certs/yugabytedb.key
```

> Here is an example of a client that uses the `YSQL shell` ([`ysqlsh`](../../../admin/ysqlsh)) to connect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a client that uses the `YSQL shell` ([`ysqlsh`](../../../admin/ysqlsh)) to connect. The command specifies the external LoadBalancer IP of the `yb-tserver-service` as shown in [the docs here](../single-zone/oss/helm-chart/#connect-using-external-clients). 
```

> Use the following command to verify the connection.

Reviewer 2: Same as above: let's collapse these two examples into one which connects and shows the output of \conninfo

```sh
$ docker run -it --rm -v $(pwd)/certs/:/root/.yugabytedb/:ro yugabytedb/yugabyte-client:latest ysqlsh -h <External_Cluster_IP> "sslmode=require" -c \\conninfo
You are connected to database "yugabyte" as user "yugabyte" on host "35.200.205.208" at port "5433".
SSL connection (protocol: TLSv1.2, cipher: ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, bits: 256, compression: off)
```

Use the following command to use YugabyteDB cluster.

```sh
$ docker run -it --rm -v $(pwd)/certs/:/root/.yugabytedb/:ro yugabytedb/yugabyte-client:latest ysqlsh -h <External_Cluster_IP> "sslmode=require"
ysqlsh (11.2-YB-2.1.5.0-b0)
SSL connection (protocol: TLSv1.2, cipher: ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, bits: 256, compression: off)
Type "help" for help.

yugabyte=#
```

Here is an example of a client that uses the `YCQL shell` ([`ycqlsh`](../../../admin/cqlsh)) to connect.

> Use the following docker command to verify the connection.

Reviewer 2: Same as above, let's collapse into a single example.

        router: no errors
        loadbalancer emulator: no errors
```

## Connecting TLS Secured YugabyteDB cluster deployed by Helm Charts

> Follow the following [documentation link](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/deploy/kubernetes/single-zone/gke/helm-chart/) for the deployment of YugabyteDB cluster using Helm Chart and to bring up the cluster with encryption in transit (TLS) enabled, set the flag `tls.enabled=true` in the helm command-line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To bring up a YugabyteDB cluster with encryption in transit (TLS) enabled, follow the [instructions here](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/deploy/kubernetes/single-zone/gke/helm-chart/) and set the flag `tls.enabled=true` in the helm command-line.

For example, `helm install yugabyte --namespace yb-demo --name yb-demo --set=tls.enabled=true`.
```

> ### Within Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Connecting from within the Kubernetes cluster
```
